Start with docs. (#44)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-spm: docs/explanation/reader-structure.md

# Reader Structure

> The reader orchestra of `pynxtools-spm` hosting multiple readers for `STS`, `STM` and `AFM` experiments. It is envisioned that in future more and more readers for other SPM techniques will be included in this package. The reader structure is designed in a modular way to make it easy to add new readers for other file formats and extend the existing readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pynxtools-spm` hosts multiple readers for `STS`, `STM` and `AFM` experiments. It is envisioned that in the future more and more readers for other SPM techniques will be included in this package. The reader structure is designed in a modular way to make it easy to add new readers for other file formats and extend the existing readers.
```

## __`parsers` subpackage__

> The aim of the parser modules to read the raw data files from various SPM file formats and convert the raw data path into slash separated hierarchical path. So, that the common function can build for all the file formats to read the raw data from the files. For reading the raw data into slash separated hierarchical path, we used several third party python package e.g.,  `spym` python package [ref] for reading `sm4` from `Omicron` or code from third party package like `nanonispy`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of the parser module is to read the raw data files from various SPM file formats and convert the raw data path into a slash-separated hierarchical path. This allows for  that the common function can build for all the file formats to read the raw data from the files. For reading the raw data into slash separated hierarchical path, we used several third party python package e.g.,  `spym` python package [ref] for reading `sm4` from `Omicron` or code from third party package like `nanonispy`. 
```

> This allows for  that the common function can build for all the file formats to read the raw data from the files.

This doesn't make sense. What is this supposed to mean? Please reformulate.

>  TODO: Mention all parser should build `SPMBase` class from `base_parser` module.

Reviewer: make this TODO a comment

Module structure of `parsers` subpackage:

```bash
--8<-- "included_file_content/subpackages_structure/parsers.txt"
```

## __`nxformatters` subpackage__

> The aim of the formatter modules to curate the data from various SPM file formats and convert and store them in `Template[link_goes_here]`. So, that the `writer[link_goes_here]` can write the data NeXus format according to the NeXus application definitions for SPM techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of the formatter module is to curate the data from various SPM file formats, convert them, and and store them in a `pynxtools Template[link_goes_here]` object. This allows the `pynxtools Writer[link_goes_here]` to write the data into a HDF5 file according to the NeXus application definitions for SPM techniques.
```

The `nxformatter` hosts modules `base_formatter`, `helpers` and nested subpackages for each SPM vendors (e.g., `nanonis`, `omicron`) with corresponding formatter modules for `STS`, `STM` and `AFM`.

Module structure of `nxformatters` subpackage:

```
--8<-- "included_file_content/subpackages_structure/nxformatters.txt"

```

> The class `SPMformatter` in module `base_formatter` holding the common interface and methods for all the formatters, whereas the vendor specific base formatters (e.g., `NanonisBase`, `omicronBase` in the modules `nanonis_base` and `omicron_base` respectively) in a modules of corresponding subpackages. On top of this base classes, we developed specific methods to curate the unstructured data coming from the raw files and `ELN` yaml file flowing the instruction given in `config` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class `SPMformatter` in module `base_formatter` holds the common interface and methods for all the formatters, whereas the vendor-specific base formatters (e.g., `NanonisBase`, `omicronBase` in the modules `nanonis_base` and `omicron_base` respectively) are modules of corresponding subpackages. On top of this base classes, we developed specific methods to curate the unstructured data coming from the raw files and `ELN` yaml file following the instruction given in the `config` file. 
```
